Danny Wilson
PO Box 19182    Atlanta, GA 31126 
(678) 790-1707    DWilson1919@aol.com 


Profile
Proven track record in general administration, office management, sales/marketing, and customer service. Familiar with office procedures, equipment, systems, and practices of El Elyon International Church. Pleasing phone manners.  Well-organized.  Performs well in high-pressure, fast-paced environments.  Strong verbal and written communication skills.  Team player who is able to relate to people at any level.  Multitasking abilities.  Ability to grasp and adapt to new environments and procedures.  Result driven.  Computer proficient.





Key Skills
— General Administration
— Scheduling Travel/Meetings

— Employee/Team Management

— Executive Support
Relevant Work Experience
Heartland Payment Systems – Frisco, Texas
Systems Analysis / Computer Operator for Heartland Payment Systems – Fortune 500 Company.
Department of the Army – Fort Drum, New York
Non-commissioned Officer, Signal Support System Specialist
Atlanta Public School, C. W. Long M.S. – Atlanta, Georgia
Professional Educator, Title 1 School.

Results:
	•	Designed and implemented the Standard Operation Procedures for Preventative Maintenance Checks and Services for Heartland Payment Systems; fortune 500 corporation.  
	•	Planned and implemented tactical support team for travel to two forward operating bases.  
	•	Organized and arranged travel flight arrangements and living support for high ranking officers while at patrol base Lutifyiah. Over 30 per month with seamless success.
	•	Unmatched work ethic; Awarded New Volunteer (Rookie) of the Year in 2009 after only serving from June to December.
	•	Created and managed and over 160 student portfolios.  
	•	Increased team performance 21.4 % in 2010 at Crawford Long Middle School.
	•	Met and/or exceeded expectations in all areas of my teacher evaluation in 2010.
	•	Counseled 8 Soldiers as a Non-commissioned Officer in the Main Support Platoon which led to over 5 promotions.


Recognition & Awards
Honored with two Department of the Army Achievement Metals, three Army Commendation Medals for command post support, network support, and meritorious leadership (2005/2007), Good Conduct Medal (2008) 



Education & Credentials
South Carolina State University — Orangeburg SC 29116
Bachelors of Arts in Science in Computer Science; Minor in Mathematics
— Degree Earned: 2001
Certifications 
& Clearances:
Obtained Secret Security Clearance
Training Highlights:
— Signal Support Systems Specialist
— Computer User Security Course

References available upon request.
— Non-commissioned Officers Academy Leader Course



— Information Assurance Security Officer Certification Course


